Added competiton signup help email (#8)
srobo/volunteer-emails: SR2019/2019-02-23-hackday-techday-signup.md

---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Competition preparation
preview-text: We need your help to prepare for the competition.
---

Hi,

The competition is getting nearer and there are many things to do, we have a list of [tasks][task-list] which will need doing before the competition.

> If you have some spare time and can give us a hand your help would be much appreciated and will help us run an even better competition.

Reviewer: add comma
```suggestion
If you have some spare time and can give us a hand, your help would be much appreciated and will help us run an even better competition.
```

---
to: All Volunteers
subject: Competition preparation
preview-text: We need your help to prepare for the competition.
---

Hi,

> The competition is getting nearer and there are many things to do, we have a list of [tasks][task-list] which will need doing before the competition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The competition is getting nearer and there are many things to do, we have a large list of [tasks][task-list] which will need doing before the competition.
```

> The competition is getting nearer and there are many things to do, we have a large list of [tasks][task-list] which will need doing before the competition.

Reviewer: [nit] this link can be more descriptive

```suggestion
The competition is getting nearer and there are many things to do, we have a large [list of tasks][task-list] which will need doing before the competition.
```

If you have some spare time and can give us a hand, your help would be much appreciated and will help us run an even better competition.
There are several ways you can get involved and help out.

> ##Southampton preparation day

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Southampton preparation day
```

> We will be having a preparation day in Southampton on the 2nd of March where we are planning on doing a load of the tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We will be having a preparation day in Southampton on Saturday 2nd of March where we are planning on doing a load of the tasks.
```
I think it's important to mention the day of the week, it helps people know if they are available.

We will be in Mountbatten (building 53) at the university on Level 4 from 10am onwards.
There will also be a social event in the evening, to be decided during the day.

> A rough agenda for the day can be found [here][hack-day-agenda] and will be updated as more things are planned.

Reviewer: [nit] as a general rule, it's a bad idea to use 'here' as the name of a link, as it's bad for screen readers, and using a more descriptive name makes it easier to skim read the email.
```suggestion
There is a [rough agenda for the day][hack-day-agenda] which will be updated as more things are planned.
```

> ##Tech Day

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Tech Day
```

Come along to the [tech day][techday-info] on the 9th in either London or Southampton where we will also be doing preparation for the competition along with assisting competitors.

> If you are coming along let us know by signing up [here][techday-signup]).

Reviewer: [nit] as a general rule, it's a bad idea to use 'here' as the name of a link, as it's bad for screen readers, and using a more descriptive name makes it easier to skim read the email.
```suggestion
If you are coming along let us know by [signing up to attend][techday-signup]).
```

> ##Take on a task on the task list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Take on a task on the task list.
```

You can also take on some tasks on the task list on github.

> Post a reply on the task so we know you are working on it

Reviewer: [nit] comma
```suggestion
Post a reply on the task so we know you are working on it,
```

Don't worry if you don't know everything about a task just ask in the task for any help you need.

> ##Competition signups

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Competition signups
```
